use docker compose v2 (#163)
EDITD/kubetools: README.md

With this in your current directory, you can now:

```sh
# Bring up a local development environment using docker compose
ktd up
```

```sh
# Deploy the project to a Kubernetes namespace
kubetools deploy my-namespace
```

## Installing

**NOTE**: before upgrading to version 14.0 or above, you _must_ run `ktd destroy` for all existing 

> local Kubetools projects.

Reviewer: I believe this note belongs in CHANGELOG.md because it's a mostly a matter for people upgrading from 13 to 14, and there shouldn't be anything to do special for any new project.

Author: Have moved this within this commit:
[7a8b920](https://github.com/EDITD/kubetools/pull/163/commits/7a8b920979214f3b3731fce5706bfd3f56f72628)

> There is also a bug on the latest version of Docker Desktop that prevents the new Buildkit working with 

Reviewer: For the "bug" aspect of it:
* it looks like it's a bug of `buildx` or `moby`, but not "Docker Desktop" which is a distribution of Docker. 
* it would be good to point at a/the ticket that is still open, or fixed, not one that's closed as "not planned"
* this section should be moved out of this section which is about "installing" the tool. It should be moved to a troubleshooting section.
* please add the latest version number of Docker( or moby or buildx) at the time of the PR, and that you have confirmed (tested) to have the bug.

Author: I have added a better explanation of the bug itself, with a link to the relevant issue in `buildx`, plus a more detailed explanation of what happens if the user is affected by the bug and more detail in the workaround.
I've also cleaned up the CHANGELOG to remove information that shouldn't be there:
[7a8b920](https://github.com/EDITD/kubetools/pull/163/commits/7a8b920979214f3b3731fce5706bfd3f56f72628)

insecure registries. This has been patched but the patch has yet to make its way to the latest release
of Docker Desktop - [issue here](https://github.com/docker/buildx/issues/2030). 
There are a couple of workarounds:
  *  Downgrade to Docker Desktop v4.26.0 or below and append `http://` to each of your `insecure_registries`' URLs

>   *  Alternatively, use the legacy builder by appending `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0` in front of every `ktd` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a couple of workarounds:
  * Migrate to secure registries (over HTTPS)
  * Downgrade to Docker Desktop v4.26.0 or below and prefix with `http://`, each of your `insecure_registries`' URLs.
  *  Alternatively, use the legacy builder by setting the environment variable `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0` for `ktd` commands.
```

...
```

## Troubleshooting
There is a bug in `buildx` which is present in Docker Engine v25.0 and up, which is yet to be patched and causes `insecure-registries` to be ignored - [issue here](https://github.com/docker/buildx/issues/2226).
Versions of Docker Desktop which use versions of Docker Engine lower than 25.0 are unaffected.

> If you try and run `ktd up` with reference to an unsecure registry, e.g. `http://docker-registry.example.net` and are affected by this bug, you will get an error message that is
> similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try and run `ktd up` with reference to an unsecure registry, e.g. `http://docker-registry.example.net` and are affected by this bug, you will get an error message that is similar to the following:
```
